doc(release): prepare release notes for OSS 23.10 (#3135)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-23.10/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Web

### 23.10.10

Release date: `March 13, 2024`

> <details open>
>   <summary>Enhancements</summary>
> 
> - [Resource Status] Improved update of filters by removing useless dialog
> 
> </details>
> 
> <details>
>   <summary>Bug fixes</summary>
> 
> - [Authentication] Fixed issue in SSO authentication.
> - [API] Fixed a visibility issue on UserFilter endpoint.
> - [API] Fixes an issue where 500 error was returned when a host didn't have alias.
> - [CLAPI] Fixed a decoding issue on HTML entities export.
> - [CLAPI] While exporting services and hosts, duplicates were generated.
> - [Dashboards - Map widget] Fixed Map, Geoview and perspective save.
> 
> </details>
> 
> <details open>
>   <summary>Security fixes</summary>
> 
> -	[Security] Improved Centreon Gorgone allowed commands
> 
> </details>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details open>
  <summary>Enhancements</summary>

- [Resource Status] Improved the update of filters by removing an unnecessary dialog box.

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

- [Authentication] Fixed issue with SSO authentication.
- [API] Fixed a visibility issue with the UserFilter endpoint.
- [API] Fixed an issue where an error 500 was returned when a host had no alias.
- [CLAPI] Fixed a decoding issue affecting the export of HTML entities.
- [CLAPI] Duplicates are no longer generated when exporting services and hosts.
- [Dashboards - Map widget] Fixed an issue where Maps, Geoviews and perspectives couldn't be saved.

</details>

<details open>
  <summary>Security fixes</summary>

- [Security] Improved allowed commands for Centreon Gorgone.

</details>
```

## Centreon Gorgone

### 23.10.4

Release date: `March 13, 2024`

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - Added the Auto-Discovery patterns to the default commands whitelist.
> - Improved list of allowed commands for Auto-Discovery.
> - [Packaging] Fixed missing perl dependency for centreon-web installation on debian 11.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the Auto Discovery patterns to the default commands whitelist.
- Improved list of allowed commands for Auto Discovery.
- [Packaging] Fixed missing perl dependency for centreon-web installation on Debian 11.
```
